hey guys it's me Francis and I'm fucking
livid I can't fucking believe this shit
I can't believe what I'm reading
see always you guys know there's been a
long-standing rumor that the next
generation of Xbox console is gonna have
an always connected to the Internet
requirement and and I don't really
understand the point of this rumor but
we are dismissing it because you would
be stupid so right here on his Twitter
feed Adam orth
or as I like to refer to him the soon to
be fired Adam or Microsoft Studios
creative director started defending
always-online DRM devices saying that
most devices require you to always be
online today really Adam like what Mike
Mike DX or my playstation 3 or my Xbox
360 or my wii or my Wii U or my fucking
electronic television or my goddamn
toaster not even my smartphone or my
fucking PC or my iPad requires it always
online internet connection you know why
because I wouldn't buy a piece of shit
that requires and always online internet
connection I'm not fucking stupid so one
of his followers says hey man what if my
internet connection goes down then I
can't play xbox he says I shit you not
what if the electricity goes out then
you wouldn't be able to use your vacuum
cleaner better not buy a vacuum cleaner
another guy says I live in a rural area
sure my internet speed isn't very fast
and the guy says why would you live
there this is how you talk to an Xbox
customer are you fucking kidding me
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck
you fuck you fuck you I live in a rural
area I was born in a rural area I'll die
in a rural area check like 54 shit of
America's fuck you she'll fuck the
people to live in rural areas you can
fuck the people who can't keep their
internet connection online all the time
fuck the people who don't have high
speed internet but also fuck anybody
living in a country
doesn't have access to high-speed
Internet and fuck anybody who has to pay
per minute for their access Internet
like they do in Australia and you know
what fuck our servicemen and women who
after a long hard day of defending our
country might want to settle down to the
barracks and play a little bit of god
damn Madden but they can't because you
can't connect to the internet and a
fucking desert right at him fuck those
guys so let's recap the future for Xbox
real quick always online connectivity
required $4.99 a month the use of
fucking service also you can shove
Dorito ads down my fucking throat
on my dashboard every time I log in does
that sound about right to you because at
this point I think that ps4 is winning
the race just by showing up and by not
being assholes I've owned every
generation of Xbox but it doesn't look
like I'm gonna be able to own the next
one not unless you fix this set
Microsoft so I want to show you how
broken I am today my name is Francis
this is my xbox and this is my ax you
sons of bitches
firstly said Microsoft